MINOR: remove the 3 in CSS (#19421)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_columns/using_multi-column_layouts/index.md

### Height Balancing

> The CSS Column specification requires that the column heights must be balanced: that is, the browser automatically sets the maximum column height so that the heights of the content in each column are approximately equal. Firefox does this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS columns require that the column heights must be balanced: that is, the browser automatically sets the maximum column height so that the heights of the content in each column are approximately equal. Firefox does this.
```
